Add new Github issue templates (#2195)
influxdata/docs-v2: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/new-feature.md

---
name: New feature
about: Submit new InfluxData product features that need to be documented.
title: ''
labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

> **PR:** _Provide PR URL(s) for this feature (if available)_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Add pull request URL(s)
_Provide pull request URL(s) for this feature (if available)_
```

Author: Same comment as above. This is markdown that gets rendered after the issue is created. We don't need imperative headings in issues.

> _Describe the new feature here._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Describe the new feature
Enter a description of the new feature. Include pertinent details, such as:
- Why the feature is useful/what it does
- How to use the feature (via CLI, UI, API)
- Specific code examples (used/tested)
- Tips or tricks (hot keys/shortcuts)
```

> ##### Relevant URLs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Add other relevant URLs
```

Author: Same as above.

- _Provide relevant URLs (issues, community threads, existing doc pages, etc.)_

> <!--
> IMPORTANT: Is this feature tied to a specific product release?
> If so, add a milestone using the following convention:
> 
> <product-name> <semantic-version>
> 
> Examples: InfluxDB 2.0.5, Telegraf 1.18.0
> -->

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Add product and release version

1. For features tied to a specific product release, add a milestone using the following convention:

<product-name> <semantic-version>

Examples: InfluxDB 2.0.5, Telegraf 1.18.0

2. Apply labels to this issue as applicable. For example, if a feature is included in both InfluxDB open source (OSS) and Cloud, add both `InfluxDB v2` and `InfluxDB Cloud` labels.
```
